you
welcome to this week to team wilds gear
now we've come up to Garland's today to
test out a new brownie shotgun now
browning have been making shotguns for
as long as I can remember so when they
said that the new 725 is packed with
features we just had to get an older one
and have a look for ourselves here it is
brown of 725 so brown and have made some
pretty big claims about this new shotgun
and its new features so let's just go
and have a look see what it can do from
the outset this gun looks like a lot of
the other guns in the Browning range but
the 72 fives have been fitted with the
backboard vector Pro barrels now these
are designed to improve swing ergonomics
and balance as well as being long
lasting and durable
there's also a new improved trigger
mechanism which gives a shooter greater
fear when it's taking the shot
the limited movement within the trigger
mechanism makes it lighter shorter and
faster the 725 also has a new low action
frame which is longer and more compact
making it quicker to aim reduce a muzzle
flip and making it come fear for the
shooter also now the DES in vector
chokes are also pretty special being
longer at 18 mil and being fitted with a
double gas sealing system not only do
they prevent gases escaping back into
the barrel but they create a more
concentrated uniform sharp pattern all
of the seven to five range also come
fitted with a standard the in Flex
recoil pad now this is designed in such
a way that it pushes recoil away and
down from the shooters cheek it also
comes with three spaces so that you can
lengthen or shorten the size of start
so that's some pretty big claims Brown
have made about the new features on
their gun let's see how much shoes so
what better a target for team are
dominated to our gala then the Bolton
rabbit pull pull so it's certainly got
fun I've managed to get a few rabbits
and the in flex recoil pad it does do
its job they call this the bolting
rabbit I'm not sure Dennis I think you
small out the bolting kangaroo some of
these exactly charge steroids dan this
is very calmly working the bottom for us
today rights do some more
well I've enjoyed that that's been good
fun I've actually managed to hit a few
as well which is a surprise and wildly
loved a few comments on that the gun
handles really well the balance of it is
great a lot of guns can be top-heavy and
like confused when you shoot and stuff
like this rabbits when your level will
kind of pull you forward whereas this
it's there and you can step back into it
step forward into it and you can swing
very freely a lot of those targets were
coming out and catch them out they were
coming along and they go straight up in
the air but I didn't have any problems
going from the ground to getting up
there on them so yeah very fast handling
gun very low recoil I really enjoyed it
I think I'll be able one of these in the
cabinet soon okay so we're gonna have to
head off knackers to set this young lad
wants to have a go on here
Shane buddy radio-loud you do British
quite a bit of shooting here yeah any
good yeah yeah all right for a kit lot
yeah okay let's say let's see we can do
buddy
Yeah right
we're off subscribe to team our TV for
all the best hunting shows on YouTube
you